‚Ä¢erickt> Erick Tryzelaar helllooo everyone!
10:00 AM happy meeting day!
10:00 AM https://github.com/rust-community/team/issues/149 is our agenda today
10:00 AM 
<jntrnr> o/
10:00 AM 
<‚Ä¢erickt> Erick Tryzelaar who is here that's not badboy?
10:00 AM 
<‚Ä¢skade> I'm badboy
10:01 AM 
<‚Ä¢erickt> Erick Tryzelaar hello badskadeboy!
10:01 AM anyone else in?
10:01 AM there were so many people just a few minutes ago
10:01 AM 
<sebasmagri> I'm here, without moral prejudice
10:01 AM 
<‚Ä¢erickt> Erick Tryzelaar hello sebasmagri!
10:02 AM 
<carols10cents> i am here!
10:02 AM 
<‚Ä¢skade> https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4SYc_flMnMQ
10:02 AM 
<‚Ä¢Manishearth> sup nerds
10:02 AM 
<‚Ä¢erickt> Erick Tryzelaar hehe
10:02 AM ok so first agenda item
10:03 AM it's nearly rust birthday time!
10:03 AM 5/15
10:03 AM 
<‚Ä¢Manishearth> oooo
10:03 AM party
10:03 AM 
<‚Ä¢erickt> Erick Tryzelaar we should party
10:03 AM I have a meetup timed for 5/4
10:04 AM but I can check if we can push it back to, oh, 5/11 or 5/18
10:04 AM anyone else interested in partying around then?
10:04 AM 
<‚Ä¢skade> It's a monday, is it?
10:04 AM 
<‚Ä¢erickt> Erick Tryzelaar yeah
10:04 AM 
<‚Ä¢skade> :/
10:04 AM 
<‚Ä¢erickt> Erick Tryzelaar I'm not sure if monday is a great meetup day
10:04 AM 
<‚Ä¢Manishearth> we can celebrate early
10:04 AM 
<bstrie> looks like boston rust doesn't have a meetup scheduled, I'll ask nmatsakis 
10:05 AM 
<‚Ä¢skade> for us, the 10th is the nearest meetup, but we could also throw a talk meetup on the day
10:05 AM 
<carols10cents> when it's time to party, we will always party hard
10:06 AM 
<‚Ä¢erickt> Erick Tryzelaar cuz that's what rust is known for. wild parties
10:06 AM 
<‚Ä¢skade> hm, don't let rustaceans dance, they're not as dynamic
10:06 AM dancing with the compiler
10:06 AM 
<edunham> cupcakes and arguments about the borrow checker? partying doesn't get much harder than that
10:06 AM 
<‚Ä¢skade> jokes aside, we should put a call out on the blog and on URLO
10:06 AM 
<sebasmagri> Hahahah
10:07 AM 
<‚Ä¢erickt> Erick Tryzelaar yep!
10:07 AM we can send out a mail on our organizer mailing list too
10:07 AM 
<‚Ä¢skade> do we have any swag for hat?
10:07 AM achievement stickers?
10:07 AM 
<‚Ä¢erickt> Erick Tryzelaar edunham: hows our sticker supply doing?
10:08 AM 
<edunham> erickt: I do not have a backlog of stickers on hand right now, but if we pick designs I can almost certainly get them printed and distributed by the birthday
10:08 AM ‚áê tglman2 quit (tglman@moz-kd2a1c.ip205.fastwebnet.it) Ping timeout: 121 seconds
10:08 AM 
<bstrie> I added a comment about rust swag to the agenda list, inspired by the community email from today
10:08 AM 
<edunham> (by 'pick designs' i mostly mean agree on a general idea of what they ought to be)
10:08 AM 
<‚Ä¢Manishearth> branding: #[derive(Rust)]
10:09 AM 
<‚Ä¢erickt> Erick Tryzelaar ooh
10:09 AM edunham: we could organize a sticker design-a-thon 
10:10 AM 
<edunham> erickt: we'd have like a week to complete the whole thing if we wanted to definitely have stickers at meetups by birthday, though
10:10 AM 
<‚Ä¢erickt> Erick Tryzelaar the design-a-thon would have to come later
10:10 AM 
<edunham> ok :)
10:11 AM but yeah, in general, that's an excellent idea :)
10:12 AM 
<‚Ä¢erickt> Erick Tryzelaar edunham: https://github.com/rust-community/team/issues/150
10:12 AM 
<‚Ä¢skade> rustfest kiyv has nice stickers, but they are obvs rustfest style
10:13 AM okay, so the tasks out of this are: blog announcement, swag dispensing, URLO announcement?
10:13 AM ‚áê dowwie quit (quassel@moz-1b4905.cust.tzulo.com) Ping timeout: 121 seconds
10:13 AM 
<‚Ä¢erickt> Erick Tryzelaar who designed our stickers? if we only have a week, maybe we should just use one of the old designs and ship them out everywhere
10:13 AM ‚Üí dowwie joined (quassel@moz-1b4905.cust.tzulo.com)
10:14 AM 
<edunham> erickt: which "our stickers" are you asking about?
10:14 AM most of the recent Ferris stickers are just me kicking around the SVG in Inkscape then sending it off to stickermule
10:15 AM 
<‚Ä¢erickt> Erick Tryzelaar skade: yeah. 
10:15 AM ‚áê srwalker101 quit (srwalker101@moz-bds.a5k.1.94.IP) Quit: Leaving...
10:15 AM 
<‚Ä¢erickt> Erick Tryzelaar I filed https://github.com/rust-community/team/issues/151 to track birthday party organization
10:15 AM 
<edunham> I wonder if rustbridge has branding, and if so, whether this would be a good time to send out stickers with it
10:15 AM 
<‚Ä¢skade> not really, we're lacking a designer after sandra kind of dropped out
10:15 AM 
<‚Ä¢erickt> Erick Tryzelaar edunham: I don't think we have branding
10:16 AM edunham / skade: oh someone did make https://community.rs/rustbridge-page/
10:16 AM 
<‚Ä¢skade> yes, that was sandra
10:16 AM 
<‚Ä¢erickt> Erick Tryzelaar we could sticker that up
10:17 AM 
<‚Ä¢skade> sonja, damn, sorry :(
10:18 AM sure
10:18 AM so, rustbridge, how was the bridge-a-thon
10:18 AM ?
10:18 AM 
<‚Ä¢Manishearth> pretty good
10:18 AM 
<‚Ä¢erickt> Erick Tryzelaar edunham: oh good we got an svg: https://github.com/rust-community/rustbridge-page/blob/master/img/rust-bridge-logo.svg
10:18 AM skade:  before we move off of the birthday
10:18 AM 
<‚Ä¢Manishearth> not mant folsk, but stuff got dome, and lots of good feedback from newcomers
10:18 AM 
<‚Ä¢erickt> Erick Tryzelaar is there anything else we need to start organizing?
10:19 AM 
<edunham> if somebody tells me how many stickers to send where ASAP, I can make that happen
10:19 AM 
<‚Ä¢erickt> Erick Tryzelaar edunham: I'll add in the email to contact you directly if they want stickers
10:20 AM 
<kvark> edunham: I'd appreciate having stickers for Rust Toronto meetup. 50 would be fine.
10:20 AM 
<‚Ä¢skade> I wouldn't see anything that must be discussed this week. we should have it as a constant topic until it happens
10:20 AM 
<edunham> erickt: ok, say rustbirthdaystickers@edunham.net so I have a chance at sorting things :)
10:20 AM 
<‚Ä¢Manishearth> might be better to get a moz toronto persom to order some?
10:21 AM 
<‚Ä¢erickt> Erick Tryzelaar edunham: sure
10:21 AM ok, so moving on to rustbridge
10:22 AM 
<kvark> Manishearth: how do I order?
10:22 AM 
<‚Ä¢erickt> Erick Tryzelaar skade: yeah it turned out to be more of an informal rustbridge event :)
10:22 AM the majority of attendees were new to the language, so we put them through the materials
10:22 AM 
<‚Ä¢Manishearth> kvark if you work at moz, ask edunham. if you dont, ask someome at the tor moz office
10:22 AM i think you just order and expense but idk
10:23 AM 
<kvark> heh, ok, I've just asked edunham
10:23 AM 
<‚Ä¢erickt> Erick Tryzelaar we even had one person who showed up for a different meetup that was scheduled for a different day
10:23 AM 
<edunham> Manishearth: it's a lot cheaper to order in bulk at least from the providers I use, so I was just gonna ship 'em all to me then mail them out
10:23 AM 
<‚Ä¢erickt> Erick Tryzelaar and we convinced her to stick around and play with rust
10:23 AM 
<‚Ä¢Manishearth> edunham works
10:23 AM 
<‚Ä¢erickt> Erick Tryzelaar we even got a pull request from her: https://github.com/rust-community/rustbridge/pull/83
10:23 AM 
<kvark> lol erickt, you converted her
10:23 AM 
<‚Ä¢Manishearth> bwahaha
10:23 AM 
<‚Ä¢erickt> Erick Tryzelaar exactly
10:24 AM 
<‚Ä¢skade> very cool!
10:24 AM 
<‚Ä¢erickt> Erick Tryzelaar I transcribed our summary notes in https://public.etherpad-mozilla.org/p/bridge-a-thon-2017-03-25
10:24 AM that I need to convert into proper tickets
10:24 AM sebasmagri: how'd your event go at rustmx?
10:25 AM ‚áê skeeter quit (skeeter@moz-p5hqsa.qnvn.vgrg.0601.2601.IP) Quit: WeeChat 1.6
10:25 AM 
<‚Ä¢erickt> Erick Tryzelaar also we had devdiva-hari working on the website
10:25 AM ‚Üí skeeter joined (skeeter@moz-p5hqsa.qnvn.vgrg.0601.2601.IP)
10:25 AM 
<‚Ä¢erickt> Erick Tryzelaar with sebasmagri 
10:25 AM I'm not sure how far they got
10:25 AM 
<sebasmagri> erickt: it went pretty good even while it was shorter... But we have a couple girls interested on continuing to work with Rust and asking stuff in our Telegram channel...
10:26 AM 
<‚Ä¢erickt> Erick Tryzelaar great!
10:26 AM sebasmagri: rust in general, or helping out with rustbridge?
10:27 AM 
<sebasmagri> I have a complete implementation of the website using gutenberg, and devdiva-hari was working on the frontend. I'm looking forward to integrate her updates...
10:27 AM 
<‚Ä¢erickt> Erick Tryzelaar oh and also, brson worked on setting up tests, and Manishearth converted the docs over to mdbook
10:27 AM 
<kvark> edunham: so, can I has those stickers please?
10:27 AM 
<sebasmagri> erickt: one of them is definitely interested on rustbridge
10:27 AM 
<‚Ä¢erickt> Erick Tryzelaar Manishearth: what's the url for the mdbook page?
10:27 AM \o/
10:28 AM 
<sebasmagri> oh and we're planning a whole day RustBridge activity for May 27th
10:28 AM 
<‚Ä¢erickt> Erick Tryzelaar great!!
10:28 AM I also am starting to figure out how to run one in the bay area
10:29 AM hm. did I miss anything?
10:29 AM 
‚Äî jntrnr is happy
10:30 AM ‚áê wolf4ood quit (wolf4ood@moz-kd2a1c.ip205.fastwebnet.it) Quit: http://www.kiwiirc.com/ - A hand crafted IRC client
10:30 AM 
<‚Ä¢erickt> Erick Tryzelaar oh on pacing. the newbies did manage to get through the installfest, the beginners tutorials, and I think the website?
10:30 AM one of em actually started playing around with tokio
10:30 AM biggest thing we need to docs wise is probably get some help from the docs team / steveklabnik to help get a more unified voice
10:31 AM 
<carols10cents> NO YOU CAN'T HAVE HIM
10:31 AM 
<steveklabnik> sup
10:31 AM 
<carols10cents> NOT UNTIL THE BOOK IS DONE
10:31 AM 
<steveklabnik> heheh
10:31 AM yes
10:31 AM i gotta get this last chapter out
10:31 AM 
<‚Ä¢erickt> Erick Tryzelaar and split up some of the docs to have a brand new beginners track, and a I've done some more advanced programming
10:31 AM 
<steveklabnik> and then help carol edit
10:32 AM ‚Üí sleffy joined (sleffy@moz-6h8duu.ca.comcast.net)
10:32 AM 
<‚Ä¢erickt> Erick Tryzelaar steveklabnik: want to take our tutorials and convert them into the final chapter?
10:32 AM two birds with one stone!
10:32 AM 
<carols10cents> NO
10:32 AM 
<steveklabnik> hehe
10:32 AM 
<carols10cents> NO BIRDS, NO STONES
10:32 AM 
<‚Ä¢erickt> Erick Tryzelaar carols10cents: steveklabnik can work on anything he wants. you're not the boss of him!
10:33 AM 
<carols10cents> YES I AMMMMM
10:33 AM 
<steveklabnik> <whimper>yes she is</whimper>
10:33 AM 
<carols10cents> :)
10:33 AM 
<‚Ä¢erickt> Erick Tryzelaar üòá
10:33 AM hehe
10:33 AM ‚áê dowwie quit (quassel@moz-1b4905.cust.tzulo.com) Ping timeout: 121 seconds
10:33 AM 
<‚Ä¢erickt> Erick Tryzelaar ok anyway, I think that's all I got on rustbridge
10:34 AM I was quite happy. I wish we had more experienced people to work on the docs, but it's fun teaching newbies
10:34 AM ok next on agenda
10:34 AM (ps: anyone want to review https://github.com/rust-community/rustbridge/pulls?)
10:35 AM oooh
10:35 AM underhanded!
10:35 AM submission ends in 2 days
10:35 AM we, err, didn't receive any additional submissions
10:35 AM :(
10:36 AM 
<bstrie> haha :P oh well
10:36 AM ‚Üí dowwie joined (quassel@moz-1b4905.cust.tzulo.com)
10:36 AM 
<‚Ä¢erickt> Erick Tryzelaar oh well
10:36 AM we tried
10:36 AM 
<bstrie> erickt: I was telling Manishearth last time that next year we should make it more freeform
10:36 AM 
<‚Ä¢erickt> Erick Tryzelaar rust is just too resistant to underhandedness
10:36 AM 
<bstrie> how many did we get total? 4?
10:36 AM 
<‚Ä¢erickt> Erick Tryzelaar or the inverse, make it downscoped to just poke at a particular function
10:36 AM I think 4 submissions from 2 people
10:37 AM 
<‚Ä¢skade> well, that's okay as a beginning
10:37 AM 
<‚Ä¢erickt> Erick Tryzelaar yeah
10:37 AM so we need to start organizing the next steps, like putting together a survey
10:37 AM 
<bstrie> a survey? for what?
10:38 AM 
<‚Ä¢erickt> Erick Tryzelaar to see how many people participated, see if they tried and couldn't get underhandedness, or if the idea was just too hard
10:38 AM I figure it'd be a pretty quick survey
10:39 AM 
<jntrnr> Speaking of surveys when did the last Rust survey start?  Feels like we're coming up on one year
10:39 AM 
<‚Ä¢skade> we announced it with the 1 year thing
10:40 AM 
<‚Ä¢erickt> Erick Tryzelaar jntrnr: I think it was may-ish
10:40 AM 
<jntrnr> May 9 is the date of blog post
10:40 AM That's a little over a month away
10:40 AM 
<‚Ä¢erickt> Erick Tryzelaar we should get organizing!
10:41 AM 
<jntrnr> +1
10:41 AM 
<‚Ä¢erickt> Erick Tryzelaar aturon (I think) said he wanted to eventually get the survey synced with the end of the year rust goals
10:41 AM but I think it'd be worthwhile doing one now, and then in decembers
10:41 AM december*
10:42 AM 
<aturon> erickt: so to clarify
10:42 AM 
<‚Ä¢erickt> Erick Tryzelaar hello!
10:42 AM 
<aturon> it should feed into the 2018 roadmap process
10:42 AM 
<‚Ä¢erickt> Erick Tryzelaar a wild aturon has appeared
10:42 AM 
<‚Ä¢skade> we could do a general one around the birthday and a more focused one to the end of the year
10:42 AM 
<aturon> so ideally we have the data + analysis by July
10:42 AM last year's timing worked well
10:42 AM and had a lot of impact on the direction, e.g. the focus on IDEs
10:43 AM 
<jntrnr> We could do commercial user survey earlier
10:43 AM Last year we kinda had to wait for it
10:44 AM 
<‚Ä¢skade> ha, do I count as a commercial user now?
10:44 AM (have 2 futher trainings lied up for this year)
10:44 AM 
<jntrnr> :)
10:44 AM Nice
10:44 AM 
<aturon> ah yes, aligning the commercial survey would be helpful
10:45 AM in any case, i think having the info early is better than late, and think yearly is the right cadence
10:45 AM 
<jntrnr> I don't mind picking up the baton for the surveys
10:45 AM 
<‚Ä¢erickt> Erick Tryzelaar great
10:45 AM 
<jntrnr> (unless someone else wants to drive)
10:45 AM 
<‚Ä¢erickt> Erick Tryzelaar jntrnr: I'll make ya a ticket
10:46 AM 
<jntrnr> Cool thx
10:46 AM 
<‚Ä¢skade> okay, I have to leave quite on time today, and would like to cover the last two subjects :)
10:46 AM (rustfest meeting afterwards and I need food :D )
10:46 AM 
<‚Ä¢erickt> Erick Tryzelaar skade: sure!
10:46 AM take it away
10:47 AM 
<‚Ä¢skade> okay, so rustfest fuzz is simple
10:48 AM we need to sell tickets, so I'd be happy if you could promote the conf to anyone you know :)
10:48 AM especially to people in russia and poland
10:48 AM retweet rustfest tweets or send people a link to the page
10:48 AM it helps a lot, because we can only speak to our audience
10:48 AM (which already gets the message twice a day :) )
10:49 AM also, I'd like to say that there may be a second RustFest this year in Zurich by October, but don't say that out loud
10:49 AM (because people might hold off going to Kiev :) )
10:49 AM that's about it on that :)
10:50 AM 
<booyaa[> heh
10:50 AM 
<‚Ä¢skade> so... dev.to
10:50 AM 
‚Äî ‚Ä¢erickt is ready to retweet
10:50 AM 
<‚Ä¢skade> the crystal community syndicates all their blog posts to dev.to (the practical dev on twitter)
10:51 AM which is a clever idea, especially as dev.to has very nice content policies (like setting a rel=canonical to your original post)
10:51 AM 
<‚Ä¢erickt> Erick Tryzelaar ah yeah. is there any documentation to replicate jekyll to it?
10:51 AM 
<‚Ä¢skade> the problem is mostly that the process is currently manual, but I contacted them, they are working on an automated solution and would be willing to help us in between
10:52 AM i think that answers the question :)
10:52 AM the developers are /cced on the relevant ticket
10:53 AM 
<‚Ä¢erickt> Erick Tryzelaar skade: ah so they don't just consume a RSS feed?
10:53 AM 
<‚Ä¢skade> no, though that's possibly how it will end up in future
10:53 AM currently, it's mostly a blogging platform
10:54 AM itself
10:54 AM but my question is more if we want to syndicate or not, the rest is basically details
10:55 AM 
<‚Ä¢erickt> Erick Tryzelaar I think syndication would be nice. It's a shame this platform makes it a bit more manual
10:56 AM it might not be too hard to make a rust-world thing that just pulls from RSS feeds
10:56 AM 
<‚Ä¢skade> well, that's why they are up to helping us
10:56 AM as far as I understood, including doing the manual process for us or implementing a specialised solution at first
10:57 AM 
<‚Ä¢erickt> Erick Tryzelaar do they have moderation tooling?
10:57 AM ‚Üí malayaleecoder joined (uid139674@moz-k1ar3t.brockwell.irccloud.com)
10:58 AM 
<‚Ä¢skade> no, but they enforce the contributor coventant on their site: https://dev.to/code-of-conduct
10:58 AM so, yes, for themselves
10:58 AM 
<‚Ä¢erickt> Erick Tryzelaar that's good
10:58 AM 
<‚Ä¢skade> yeah, they are pretty popular in some circles and quite known in the ruby community
10:58 AM 
<‚Ä¢erickt> Erick Tryzelaar i guess the main question is if we want to try to own the channel, or if we care if someone else does
10:59 AM I think I'd be fine using them for syndication
10:59 AM 
<‚Ä¢skade> well, we could at least syndicate our blog and TWIR
10:59 AM 
<‚Ä¢erickt> Erick Tryzelaar yeah
10:59 AM 
<‚Ä¢skade> by the way, who's in charge of the blog?
10:59 AM 
<‚Ä¢erickt> Erick Tryzelaar I'd want them to use RSS though :)
11:00 AM core team own blog.rust-lang.org
11:00 AM I think it's mainly posted to by steveklabnik and aturon
11:00 AM 
<steveklabnik> yes, at the moment anyway
11:00 AM 
<‚Ä¢skade> okay, I got someone interested in a guest post
11:00 AM 
<steveklabnik> sometimes we have other posts
11:00 AM 
<‚Ä¢skade> I'll put you in touch?
11:00 AM 
<‚Ä¢erickt> Erick Tryzelaar when steveklabnik isn't working on the book
11:01 AM 
<aturon> syndication would be great
11:01 AM we've wanted "planet rust" for a long time
11:01 AM 
<‚Ä¢skade> yeah, that would also be interesting
11:01 AM but as always, you can't choose where people are :)
11:01 AM 
<‚Ä¢erickt> Erick Tryzelaar skade: I don't think core has really thought much about guest posts. current process tries to post just about big things
11:02 AM 
<‚Ä¢skade> a planet rust would also be a great thing you could syndicate if it had an RSS feed itself
11:02 AM okay, then, i'd need to find another venue for them...
11:02 AM (Rust India, the people with the 450 people conf session on Rust)
11:02 AM 
<‚Ä¢erickt> Erick Tryzelaar like releases or major new projects. I think we could be argued towards guest posting for other major projects
11:03 AM we could setup planet.community.rs in our infinite free time :)
11:03 AM 
<‚Ä¢skade> okay, let's discuss that at another point
11:03 AM (I'm still working on the community server...)
11:03 AM in any case... food :)
11:03 AM 
<‚Ä¢erickt> Erick Tryzelaar or blog.community.rs
11:03 AM ok!
11:03 AM 
<‚Ä¢skade> blog.community.rs sounds interesting
11:03 AM 
<‚Ä¢erickt> Erick Tryzelaar oh and we're past our hour
11:04 AM anyone else have anything they want to talk about?
11:04 AM 
<booyaa[> any mozillians around? i need a rust friendly contact for the #london office i'd like to use their facilties for a meetup
11:04 AM i've lost touch with them since they moved
11:04 AM 
<‚Ä¢erickt> Erick Tryzelaar Manishearth / edunham / steveklabnik / aturon: ^?
11:05 AM 
<steveklabnik> no idea who's at london
11:05 AM 
<‚Ä¢Manishearth> booyaa[: jgraham maybe?
11:05 AM 
<booyaa[> Manishearth: ty!
11:06 AM 
<‚Ä¢erickt> Erick Tryzelaar skade: https://github.com/rust-community/team/issues/154 for blog.community.rs
